Rider Request ride (for US 01.01.01)
Actor(s): A Ridr
Goal: To request a ride between two locations
Trigger: A ridr chooses to start a new request
Precondition: a Ridr is logged in
Postcondition(s): System confirms Ridrs choice, System records users request 
Basic Flow:
1. Ridr selects request ride
2. System prompts user for pick-up locations
3. User enters pick-up location
4. System promps user for drop-off location
5. User selects a drop-off location

Exception:
2.1 Ridr enters location that doesn't exist
2.2 System warns user location doesn't not exist
2.3 Return to 2

Current requests (for US 01.02.01)
Actor(s): A Ridr
Goal: To look at all current request a ridr has open.
Trigger: A rider selects to view open requests
Precondition(s): a Ridr is logged in
Postcondition(s): 
Basic Flow:
1. Ridr selects option to view open requests
2. System displays all current open requests

Notification of acceptance (for US 01.03.01)
Actor: A Ridr
Goal: To receive notification when a request has been accepted
Trigger: A ridr's request has been accepted
Precondition: a ridr is logged into the system, a ridr is currently connected to the system, a ridr has selected his pick-up and drop-off locations
Postcondition(s): A ridr then confirms or rejects the request
Basic Flow:
1. Ridr confirms their request.
2. System sends a notification to ridr once one or more drivrs have accepted request

Cancelling requests (for US 01.04.01)
Actor: A Ridr
Goal: To cancel a request
Trigger: A ridr cancels a request
Precondition(s): a ridr is logged into the system, a ridr has atleast one open request
Postcondition(s): system removes request, a drivr who was confirmed for request can no longer see request
Basic Flow:
1. Ridr selects to see all open requests
2. System displays all open requests
3. Ridr selects request they wish to cancel
4. System displays the selected request
5. Ridr cancels request
6. System moves ridr back to all open request
7. Cancelled request is no longer visible

Contacting drivr (for US 01.05.01)
Actor: A Ridr, A Drivr
Goal: To contact a drivr who has accepted request
Trigger: A ridr selects drivrs info
Precondition(s): a ridr is logged into the system, a ridr has atleast one request, atleast one request has been accepted by a drivr
Postcondition(s): a ridr talks to a drivr
Basic Flow:
1. A ridr selects an accepted request
2. System displays request
3. Ridr selects drivr who accepted request
4. System displays drivr contact info
5. A ridr phones or emails drivr

Estimate of fare (for US 01.06.01)
Actor: A Ridr
Goal: To have an estimate of a fair to offer to drivr
Trigger: Ridr has reached drop off location
Precondition(s): a ridr has been dropped off, a ridr is logged in
Postcondition(s): a ridr confirms payment
1. System prompts user to confirm drop-off
2. Ridr confirms drop-off
3. System displays estimate of fair to ridr

